README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Sai Manoj Etcherla</h1>
<h3 align="center">Welcome to my GitHub profile</h3>

- 🌱 I am curently learning DSA
- 🤖 Interested in tech-related stuff
- 📫 How to reach me **esmanoj.95@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/etcherla-sai-manoj" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="linkedln" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="instagram" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<!--
// will update later
<a href="https://www.codechef.com/users/saimanoj_22" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/codechef-1324440139527402917_0.svg" alt="codechef" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://codeforces.com/profile/saimanoj_22" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/codeforces.svg" alt="codeforces" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/hackerrank.svg" alt="hackerrank" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.leetcode.com" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/leet-code.svg" alt="leetcode" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.hackerearth.com" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/hackerearth.svg" alt="hackerearth" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.topcoder.com/members" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/topcoder.svg" alt="topcoder" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>
-->

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://code.visualstudio.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/vscode-original.svg" alt="vs-code" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/icons8-git.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://github.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/GitHub.svg" alt="github" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

---


| [![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=saimanoj22)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) | [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=saimanoj22&layout=compact&hide=jupyter%20notebook&show_icons=true&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/saimanoj22/github-readme-stats) |
| ------------- | ------------- |

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=abcgithub&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="abcgithub" /> </p>

Commit message:

Add holopin banner to README.md

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Sai Manoj Etcherla</h1>
<h3 align="center">Welcome to my GitHub profile</h3>

- 🌱 I am curently learning DSA
- 🤖 Interested in tech-related stuff
- 📫 How to reach me **esmanoj.95@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/etcherla-sai-manoj" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="linkedln" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="instagram" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<!--
// will update later
<a href="https://www.codechef.com/users/saimanoj_22" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/codechef-1324440139527402917_0.svg" alt="codechef" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://codeforces.com/profile/saimanoj_22" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/codeforces.svg" alt="codeforces" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/hackerrank.svg" alt="hackerrank" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.leetcode.com" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/leet-code.svg" alt="leetcode" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.hackerearth.com" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/hackerearth.svg" alt="hackerearth" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.topcoder.com/members" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/topcoder.svg" alt="topcoder" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>
-->

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://code.visualstudio.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/vscode-original.svg" alt="vs-code" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/icons8-git.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://github.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saimanoj22/saimanoj22/master/images/GitHub.svg" alt="github" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

---


| [![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=saimanoj22)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) | [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=saimanoj22&layout=compact&hide=jupyter%20notebook&show_icons=true&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/saimanoj22/github-readme-stats) |
| ------------- | ------------- |


<h3>Contributions</h3>
- Participated in Hacktoberfest 22 and submitted 4+ Pr's.</p>

[![@saimanoj_22's Holopin board](https://holopin.me/saimanoj_22)](https://holopin.io/@saimanoj_22)

---

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=abcgithub&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="abcgithub" /> </p>
